The Russians are making a play
for the stolen intelligence.
You have Zayef's hard drive.
Why don't we make a deal?
- We have a solider in trouble.
- Get us airborne.
Go!
Good girl.
- Undo it.
- I can't. There's no way back.
Insurgents are moving closer.
You move east. I'll track south.
We'll meet across the border,
two day's time.
♪
♪ ♪
- This isn't the way
to the infirmary.
- Quiet.
- You were told
to take me to the infirmary.
♪ ♪
Why do you got my earpiece?
Hello?
- All right.
Boss, good to hear your voice.
- Wyatt?
It's good to hear you, too.
- You just follow Yakov there.
He'll explain the plan
and get you
where you need to go.
- Yakov?
- Yeah, the big guy
who gave you the comms.
That could be a problem.
He's currently unconscious.
- Why is he unconscious?
You know what?
Just forget about it.
Just get to the storage cabinet
on the south side of the camp.
There is a floor panel.
Leads to the honey tunnels
underneath.
- Sorry, honey tunnels?
- Yeah.
You know, the secret passages
where the guards
used to sneak the ladies
in and out.
You know, this would
be a hell of a lot easier
if you had
a guard escorting you.
♪ ♪
If you had any idea how much
I had to bribe that guy...
♪ ♪
- I have to get
to the infirmary.
- What, you're injured?
- No.
- Then get your ass
to the storage cabinet.
- No, no, no, no, no.
I have to get to the infirmary.
- Boss, will you forget
about the goddamn infirmary?
You've been gone for four months
in a Siberian work camp
off the grid,
and I thought you were dead.
So, when someone says move,
you move.
- One moment, please.
- We don't have one moment!
♪ ♪
- Do you know who I am?
- Y-yes.
- What are you doing here?
♪ ♪
Sorry about that.
I'm on the move.
- Okay.
Storage cabinet. Go.
To be honest, I don't know
how much time you got.
Your work camp records
got uploaded
to the Russian federal
penitentiary database
24 hours ago.
Luckily, we had facial recog
trolling for you,
and we got a hit,
but if anybody else
is looking for you,
they know exactly where you are.
- We may have a slight problem.
- Son of a bitch.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I can't see
where you coming from ♪
♪ But I know just what
you runnin' from ♪
♪ And what matters
ain't the "who's baddest" ♪
♪ But the ones who stop you
falling from your ladder ♪
♪ Come on, feelin' like
you're feelin' now ♪
♪ And doin' things
just to please your crowd ♪
♪ When I love you like the way
I love you ♪
♪ And I suffer,
but I ain't gonna cut you ♪
♪ 'Cause this ain't no place
for no hero ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no better man ♪
for no hero to call home ♪
♪ ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no hero ♪
for no better man ♪
♪ This ain't no place
for no hero to call home ♪
♪ ♪
- I'm in.
- I found it.
♪ ♪
In the tunnel.
- Boss, boss.
- Wyatt?
- Hey, hey, hey.
It's me.
Hey, good to see you,
but we got to move.
- Thank you.
- Where's Novin?
- Oh, it's just me, I'm afraid.
I mean, she's fine,
but a few things have happened
in the four months
you've been gone.
I'll give you the full debrief,
trust me,
but right now we got to get
on the horses and ride.
- Oh, I thought that
was just some irritating
American turn of phrase.
- Irritating?
Really?
- You can ride, right?
Yah!
- Come on.
- We got to move.
Yah!
♪ ♪
- Blyad!
- Managed to get us
some money, new passports,
and plane tickets out of here.
And I got you a change
of clothes.
I mean, if it's the shirt...
- No, no, no, no,
it's not the shirt.
I mean, not entirely.
- I let you down.
You, Novin...
and the others.
- The way I heard it,
you got grabbed
coming across the border.
- Mm, yeah.
But then I gave up.
And after what happened
to McAllister, Chetri,
giving up didn't feel so bad.
Then I recognized
this new inmate...
and I realized
the job wasn't done
and I had no right to give up,
so I engineered the trip
to the infirmary
where he was being held.
And now I think...
I know what Russia and what
Arianna Demachi are planning.
Maybe even a way
of stopping them,
but we need
to get the team back together.
- Team?
- Yeah.
- There's you, and there's me
and Novin.
And trust me,
Novin's been better.
♪ ♪
Arianna.
- But I still wouldn't.
- Lance Corporal
Manisha Chetri...
What happened to her body?
- Da...
♪ ♪
- Hey!
- Hey! Stop!
♪ ♪
Fuck.
- Hey, hey, easy, short stuff.
- That better not be my bloody
dinner you're scarfing down.
- Hey, how old's this quiche?
- It's fucking frittata.
- How are you, Lance Corporal?
- Boss.
Wyatt...
Got you out.
- He did, yes.
- You look better
than I expected.
- That must be the cheery shirt,
'cause I feel
absolutely terrible.
- Look, I meant to be there.
I should've been there,
but I got a lead.
Someone from Chetri's
rendition site.
- Oh? Who?
- Sevastian Levkin,
Arianna's handler.
Went from swinging his dick
in the Directorate
to babysitting Russian casinos
in Armenia.
Seems he was laundering money
for Arianna.
- Well, that is because
the Russians are investing
$250 million in her.
- Did you say $250 million?
- Yeah.
The boss here
was locked up with the guy
who's in charge
of transferring the money.
- Amazing who you meet
in a gulag.
He was there in that room
when they took Chetri's life.
What are you doing here?
- I failed to get the files
from your lance corporal.
I failed Moscow...
so this is what I got.
- He was happy
to tell me about the money,
where it's being held,
everything.
- Just get me out.
Please.
- What the hell are they buying
with $250 million?
- They're using Arianna to
take over the Albanian mafia.
- Which, surprise, surprise,
is pretty fucking bad news.
It means the Russians
will control a large percentage
of organized crime
in every major European city.
- Guns, drugs, trafficking.
They want to destabilize a city
with a terrorist attack,
all they have to do
is click their fingers,
and Arianna will arrange it.
- So everything we did
was pointless?
McAllister, Chetri,
all for nothing?
Well, the only thing left then
is to take out Arianna Demachi.
- Where is Levkin now?
- Where do you think?
- You have to stop this.
You're a soldier,
for Christ's sake.
I'm not even a fucking
civilian... none of us are.
We lost everything, so, mate,
if you're here to lecture me,
there's the fucking door.
- Well, actually, he's not.
♪ ♪
- The money's being held
in transit
ahead of being laundered,
and Arianna
is due to collect it all
in three days...
from an old Soviet facility
in a place
called Nova Golensk...
Former military town
near the Black Sea.
And now I really need you
to talk me out of this.
- Talk you out of what?
- I am about to suggest
that we steal $250 million
from the Russians.
♪ ♪
- We need to find out
everything we can
about this town,
so we rent eyes
on a commercial satellite.
- So you're considering
going through with this?
- Well, we said
we'd talk about it.
We're just talking.
- There's no time
for any real prep
or a close target recce.
- Well, they won't be expecting
us 'cause nobody else
would be fucking stupid enough
to try it.
- If it's any consolation,
getting in is the easy part.
It's getting out
that might be an issue.
- A million in hundreds
is 25 pounds or so.
If it's fifties,
you're doubling that.
So we're talking maximum
three bags,
$2 million, $3 million each.
Any more than that
will be concrete boots.
Fuck!
Are we doing this?
- Still only talking.
- So we take what we can.
We destroy the rest.
- What, you mean blow up
over $200 million?
- Arianna's the mission...
Stopping the Russians.
Money's just a bonus.
Is that a problem?
- It's a feature, boss,
not a problem.
- Look, we have about 24 hours
to carry out the heist.
- There it is.
There is the H word.
A heist... is that what it is?
- Uh, well, what other word
would you have me use?
- Try motherfucking payday, sir.
- No, let's call it
what it actually is.
This is a simple criminal act,
the line you can't
cross back from, not ever.
So it would have
to be unanimous.
- Fuck it, I'm in.
Wyatt?
- I don't know.
If you're fighting without
a cause, without a reason,
with only money at stake,
then you're just another guy
running around with a gun.
And I'm starting to think
there's too many of those guys
in the world.
- You have a cause... Arianna.
Oh, yeah, they money's gravy,
but the thought of the others
dying for nothing
and letting her win?
I don't think any of us
can walk away from that.
- All right.
Then I have two rules.
I'm not touching
any fucking dirty money.
- I'll take it.
- Fine.
And two...
I'm not killing for this.
- Not even Arianna?
- If there was an exception
to the rule, she would be it.
If we're good with that...
I, too, am in.
- I have one more rule.
If we do pull this off...
then we are done.
This job has taken
a lot from us,
and maybe we deserve better.
We walk away
from this life altogether.
- That's good for me.
- Yes, sir.
- Well, then let's get to work.
♪ ♪
So here's what we know...
Nova Golensk, built during
the Second World War,
is a garrison town accessible
via the mountain roads
but also along the river.
Now mostly empty,
skeletal population.
But there's a vault
with a series of tunnels
running under the town.
That's where the money's
being held.
The entrance is located
three miles northwest
of the town.
- Yeah,
but here's the bad news...
Armed guards,
reinforced steel doors.
We get within spitting distance,
and we're shredded wheat.
- Right, now this
is where you tell me
we've found
an ingenious solution?
- Oh, yeah.
The satellite feed is up,
and it's cheap and nasty.
But we think this figure
moving along here is...
- Arianna Demachi.
- She enters
into this house here,
and she never comes out.
So let's play a little game
of "Where's Waldo?"
- I think you mean,
"Where's Wally?"
- Or Wanda?
- It's Waldo.
- Whatever.
- So we look back
at the tunnel entrance,
and what do we see?
Shit.
Arianna coming out
three miles away.
- Which means the house
is our back door
in the middle of the town.
- That's right.
♪ ♪
- Novin.
- Copy.
♪ ♪
- You know,
ordinarily, I would say
we leave this one well alone.
Too many unknowns,
too many risks.
But in this case...
- For Chetri.
- And for McAllister.
- And for ourselves.
♪ ♪
- Go.
- This is the house
Arianna went in.
The door's clean.
Pick it or kick it?
- Pick it sounds nice and quiet.
- Yeah.
- Easy, short stuff.
Like I said,
no one's expecting us.
- Go.
♪ ♪
- One of these
must conceal the vaults.
♪ ♪
- I got nothing.
- Yeah,
I'm coming up short down here.
- What if we were wrong
about this?
- Hold on.
♪ ♪
It looks like
we have our back door.
- Gonna need a minute with this.
- You still sure
about all of this?
No money, no killing?
- Feeds a part of me I'd
rather not feed anymore, boss.
♪ ♪
- What the hell?
No alerts, no alarms?
♪ ♪
- You know, it turns out
all this time in training,
we should've been robbing
fucking banks.
♪ ♪
- Right, it's left.
Left here.
♪ ♪
- Well, ladies and gentlemen,
we have ourselves a vault.
- Door's cobalt
with steel plating
to prevent drilling.
I hate to break it to you, boss,
but, uh,
the only way is to blow it.
- Isn't there a quieter way?
- Let me see, quieter way
to blow the fucking door?
Language.
- I'm sorry.
- It just seems like
a considerable escalation
of risk, that's all.
- Come on, you don't go
all the way to the beach
and not catch a couple of waves.
- Okay, fine.
Lance Corporal,
blow the fucking doors off.
♪ ♪
- Moving in.
Well?
What have we got?
- Uh, boss...
- Oh, good God.
Novin, lay your charges
on the other two pallets.
Wyatt, fill your bags.
Let's get going.
- Boss, these are hundreds.
I packed extra bags.
We could carry
at least four each.
- No, no.
We agreed on three.
- Well, that's just 'cause
I never thought
we'd actually fucking
make it this far.
- Oh, so now you want the money?
- Yeah, yeah,
I want the fucking money.
- Stick to the plan.
Fill your three bags and then
get out to the corridor
and cover our exfil.
- Yeah, yeah, I-I'm good.
I'm sorry, it's just a little,
you know, gold rush fever.
- You are such a breadhead.
- Is a breadhead
better than a dickhead?
Come on, baby.
You're coming home
with Uncle Sammy.
- Come on, come on.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right.
Got my three.
Moving.
- Good.
Move.
♪ ♪
- Holy shit!
- Contact.
I have contact.
Two tangos.
Got a runner.
In pursuit.
♪ ♪
- Well, if they didn't know we
were here before, they do now.
♪ ♪
- Come on, drop it.
Let's see what you got.
- Weapon down!
Drop it!
Right now.
- Just let me shoot her, boss.
- You need to keep me alive.
A hostage will help you get out.
- I hate to say it, boss,
but she's kind of got a point.
- Screw her point
- If you were smart,
you would know this was
the best course of action.
- Fine, you're coming with us.
Lose the baggage.
- Hey.
- We can't carry all three
and move fast enough.
- That's nine bags down to six.
Awesome.
♪ ♪
- Must be bloody lovely
to have your country back you
to the tune of $250 million.
- It's a death sentence.
I'm just as trapped here
as you are.
But maybe we can find a way
to work together.
I can get us out
with all the money.
- Get bent.
- No way.
Chetri was a good kid.
We're not finished with you.
- That'll be a solid no
from us, then.
- Then I guess you'll die
down here instead.
Got incoming.
- Shit, okay.
Get back!
- Shit!
- Get back, or she gets it!
- Back, back!
- Lance Corporal, are you
thinking what I'm thinking?
- You can bet your balls, boss.
- We have to get Arianna!
♪ ♪
- Boss, we got to get out!
Leave her, move!
- Shit.
♪ ♪
- Boss, we're gonna
need a new exit plan.
- Hold up.
♪ ♪
- How's this nonviolence thing
working out for you?
- It'd be a hell of a lot easier
if people would stop trying
to fucking kill me.
- Multiple tangos converging.
Our best bet's the waterfront.
Move south on me.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
- We need to get
to the powerboat!
Give me some covering fire!
- Moving!
♪ ♪
- Contact rear!
- She's running!
- Oh, fuck!
- Man down!
- Fuck!
- Man down, man down!
I got shot!
♪ ♪
- I got you, I got you!
Come on, leave the bag.
Move it!
- Wyatt, get onboard!
- Leave it.
Let's go!
I got you. Go!
I got you.
Come on.
Get in, get in.
Wyatt, push us off!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Hold on!
- Come on, boss!
♪ ♪
- Boss,
they're all over the place!
We got to get out of here!
- Yeah, I'm trying!
- Get us around it!
♪ ♪
- Hold on!
Making a run for the sea.
- We got company, boss.
Keep going.
♪ ♪
Down, down!
Keep it steady!
- Shit!
- Let 'em come!
Let 'em come at us.
- Grenade!
Three, two, one!
I think we're good!
♪ ♪
- Let's take a look.
- Fucking hell.
- Nothing to worry about.
Just a scratch.
- How's she doing?
- It's just a scratch, boss!
It's just a scratch, right?
- Just a scratch, kid.
- Satellite feed's down.
- Okay, kid,
this might hurt a little.
All right, three, two, one.
Fuck off!
- Hang in there, Gracie.
- What are you doing?
- Stopping the bleeding.
Fucking hell.
- Good, it's good.
Stay with me.
Stay with me, Novin, come on.
Hey, don't do nothing stupid,
all right?
- Mate, dying's the last thing
I want to do, eh?
- Good, 'cause we got
$15 million to spend.
- Oh, yeah.
- Incoming helo, ten o'clock!
- Shit!
- Fuck.
- Contact!
- It's coming around!
Keep moving!
- I'm doing my best!
♪ ♪
- Shit, he's getting a lock!
- Incoming!
♪ ♪
- He's right on our ass!
- I'm trying to shake him!
- Well, try harder!
♪ ♪
I'm out!
Boss, give us a mag!
- And me!
♪ ♪
- He's not gonna keep missing!
- He's getting a sight on us!
- We can't outrun them!
It's no good! Get overboard!
- Jump!
Move!
- Get out!
Fuck me!
Quiet.
Can you make it to the trees?
- I'll make it.
- I got you.
Hey, at least we got
two bags left.
♪ ♪
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
- Hey, hey.
- We need to take a break.
Gracie.
Hey, hey, come on.
Let's get you down.
- Wyatt, get on lookout.
- I just need a minute, boss.
- Shit.
It's gonna be okay.
- We got movement.
Shit, we got multiple tangos
inbound.
- Hand me my weapon
and leave me.
- Right, let's give 'em hell.
Come on, one last go.
Rolling for cover.
- Well, guess this is it.
- Conserve your ammo.
Pick your targets.
Good luck.
Gracie, you with me?
- I'm with you, boss.
♪ ♪
- Moving!
Fuck me!
Changing!
- Moving!
- Let's go, let's go,
let's go, let's go!
- Fuck! Aah!
- Go, go, go!
Come on, move!
♪ ♪
- We need a doctor, and we need
a vehicle right now.
You speak English?
- Yes.
And we don't work.
Please.
Still we are closed.
- How about now?
- Ooh.
Maybe I could open.
- Yeah, no shit.
- Yeah.
I have cousin.
He is doctor for animals.
- A vet?
- Good.
Both: A vet?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Perfect.
- Good, good doctor.
- Novin, we got a vet coming.
Take this, please.
- Ooh.
Yeah.
But wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
It's fake.
- No, no, trust me.
That money is real.
- It's not real money.
Look at this. Come.
You see?
You see, same number.
You see? Check it.
Same number.
- Fuck.
♪ ♪
Arianna.
- Boss? Boss?
- Fuck!
How the fuck did she do that?
♪ ♪
- Oh, fuck.
- You have a nice watch.
- This watch was a gift
from my ex-wife.
- Don't bullshit me.
Just give me.
Give me this watch.
- I can't believe
this is happening.
- Just give me your watch.
- Call the vet.
The vet, now.
♪ ♪
- It's all right, mate.
You can have my share.
It's not funny.
- Could've been worse.
- How?
Oh, fuck my life.
♪ ♪
- Russia's looking for me,
the Albanians.
None of them have managed.
But I knew you'd come.
♪ ♪
If you're looking
for the money...
- I'm not.
- Disappearing is expensive.
♪ ♪
Maybe there's no escape
for people like us.
The things we've seen,
the things we've done...
They follow us,
and they stay close.
So every morning I ask myself,
"Will today be the day
that they come?"
- And now you know.
- Wait!
♪ ♪
- Done.
- So what happens now?
- Well, that is
the $250 million question.
You did not just go there.
- Well, you set 'em up,
I knock 'em down.
That's how it works, right?
- I didn't give a shit
about the money.
I just wanted payback.
Maybe that's better
without a price, you know?
- Short stuff, I could not
disagree with you more.
- What about private military?
- No, it's not for me.
Turns out I have
a higher opinion
of myself than I thought.
Besides, 20 years of this...
always watching your back,
losing buddies along the way...
it's not living.
- Mm.
It's surviving.
- Exactly.
So I'd like to see what
the real world is like.
I'd like to go to a new country
and not have to shoot someone
when I get there.
- Yeah.
I signed up when I was 19.
My whole life has been based
on a decision I made
when I was a bloody teenager.
- It's time for a little bit
of living, right?
- Yeah, a little bit of living
sounds good.
- You know,
there is another option.
What we did was a success.
Maybe not
in the way we intended,
but we stopped Russian
expansion into organized crime,
we saved countless lives,
and that has not gone unnoticed.
Our identities have
been restored, our records.
There is a way back.
♪ ♪
- You said we'd walk away.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'm just, um, putting
all the options on the table.
I had a call from Whitehall.
There's a former Boko Haram
lieutenant in Nigeria.
He's on the run, and, uh...
- Boss, let me just...
I'm just gonna stop you there.
- And?
- And...
nothing.
Just gonna stop you.
- Yeah, I mean, after...
everything that happened...
you're the one
that said it, boss.
I mean, you don't think
we deserve better?
Yeah.
♪ ♪
To 20, then.
- To 20.
Past, present, and all the rest.
♪ ♪
- But if you ever change
your minds...
- I think we're good.
- Yeah.
With all due respect, boss,
I mean,
they can get fucked.
♪ ♪
- Sam.
- Take care.
♪ ♪
- Hug it out.
- Hug it out, short stuff.
♪ ♪
- Put it there, boss.
- Gracie.
- Stay loose.
♪ ♪
- ♪ You're not
looking forward ♪
♪ And you are not
looking back ♪
♪ You've lost the warranty ♪
♪ You'll never
get your money back ♪
♪ My baby's buying me another
life, getting nowhere fast ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I am pretty smart, I don't
do what they want me to ♪
♪ I don't and nor do you ♪
♪ That's what the
general public do ♪
♪ My baby's buying me another
life, getting nowhere fast ♪
♪ ♪
♪ It makes you feel good ♪
♪ You've answered
all the questions right ♪
♪ He's won a holiday, that'll
help you sleep tonight ♪
♪ My baby's buying me another
life, getting nowhere fast ♪